Since our very first appeal in 1919, we’ve been doing whatever it takes for children living in poverty and danger in the UK and around the world. We’ve kept them healthy and well fed, protected them from harm and helped them get an education. Thanks to the unwavering commitment of our supporters, we have been able to help millions of children. With your support, we can reach many, many more.
So much of our vital work over the last century has only been possible because of the humanity and generosity of all those who leave us a gift in their will. Our vision is of a world where every child has the chance to survive, learn and be protected. Please help us reach every last child living in an uncertain world, by remembering Save the Children when you write or amend your will.
A gift of any size, once friends and family have been looked after, could ensure that the world’s most vulnerable children will grow up safe, healthy and happy, and that you will be remembered in a child’s smile.

We save lives by responding to humanitarian emergencies caused by natural disasters, disease outbreaks, armed conflict, and migration. Save the Children responded to 129 emergencies in 60 countries in 2016.
While some were man-made, many were caused by nature, some unexpected, others we knew were coming. Ensuring children caught up in a natural emergency have access to food and a place to live is essential. But beyond that, they need protection. During times of drought, or following floods or an earthquake, children are most vulnerable. With or without family, they are at risk of abuse and exploitation. They often stop going to school and resulting poverty leads to a rise in child marriage. When responding to natural emergencies, we ensure children survive, and that their right to learn, play and enjoy a childhood is protected.
More and more of the crises that we respond to today are man-made and long-lasting. Conflict and violence has driven millions of families from their homes – many to other countries. The number of people fleeing their homes is at its highest since the end of World War II. While some are forced to flee due to conflict, others leave due to poverty or climate change.
Aside from life-saving urgent needs like food, water and shelter, children caught up in conflict need protection – physical and emotional – and continued education so that they don’t become a lost generation. We need to provide an integrated response to their needs: immediate humanitarian relief, long-term solutions and continued campaigning for an end to conflicts.

Eurochild is a network of organisations and individuals working in and across Europe to promote the rights and well-being of children and young people. Our vision is of a society where children and young people grow up happy, healthy and confident and respected as individuals in their own right. Our mission is to promote the rights and well-being of children in policy and practice through advocacy, membership exchange and research. Our work is underpinned by the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child (UNCRC). An international human rights treaty that grants all children and young people a comprehensive set of rights. The network is co-funded by the European Union’s programme for Employment and Social Innovation (EaSI). A financing instrument at EU level which promotes, amongst others, combating social exclusion & poverty. Eurochild has 165 members, of which 123 are full members, 39 associate members and 3 honorary members in 33 countries. 21 national networks of children’s rights organisations have been appointed as National Partner Networks and 3 organisations are candidate members. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. Subscribe here to receive our monthly newsletter. And if you wish to join Eurochild, click here to find out how.

Camfed invests in girls and women in the poorest rural communities in sub-Saharan Africa, where girls face acute disadvantage, and where their empowerment is now transforming communities. Camfed is an international non-profit organization tackling poverty and inequality by supporting girls to go to school and succeed, and empowering young women to step up as leaders of change. Since 1993, Camfed’s innovative education programs in Zimbabwe, Zambia, Ghana, Tanzania and Malawi have directly supported 1,876,214 students to attend primary and secondary school, and more than four million children have benefited from an improved learning environment.

Many Hopes is a long-term strategic solution to the corruption and poverty that exploits the most vulnerable girls and boys. When the poorest children in the world have education and confidence and network they will be free from governments that exploit them and free to make their own choices. They will not need charity. They will be the solution to the poverty and corruption that hurts their country and exploited them. If we stand with them now.

In the heart of every child is a hunger for home. Not just for food and a place to sleep, but for safety and community. Most importantly: for love. At the Good Shepherd Agricultural Mission, 350kms east of Delhi in the town of Banbasa, we are much more than a home for unwanted Indian orphans. We are a family, where God’s love guides us all as we grow and expand year after year. Not just an Indian orphanage, we are a nearly self-sustaining organization; a working farm, a vibrant school, receiving no government assistance of any kind. Take a look around and if you have any questions just get in contact with us via the menu above!

Johns Hopkins All Children's Foundation was created in 1985 to support the mission of Johns Hopkins All Children’s Hospital and to ensure that charitable donations are stewarded directly toward the greatest needs of the hospital and the patients we serve. As a non-profit Foundation, we partner with individuals and corporations who share our vision that all children deserve the best pediatric care available.

The various causes of hair loss in children don’t result in just physical suffering. The change in their appearance can drastically undermine their self-image and sabotage their self-esteem. To help heal the pain of these struggles, Certified Cosmetic Therapist Jeffrey Paul founded Wigs for Kids, a non-profit hair donation organization that has been serving children suffering from hair loss since 1981.

Wigs for Kids is a cooperative effort among Certified Cosmetic Therapists throughout North America who share a common goal. “Children shouldn’t have to worry about how they look, especially when they’re in the middle of a health crisis,” says Jeffrey Paul. “We want to give these kids the opportunity to feel good about themselves again.”

The Kids In Need Foundation’s mission is to ensure that every child is prepared to learn and succeed in the classroom by providing free school supplies nationally to students most in need. For the 16 million kids who come from families struggling with extreme poverty, getting school supplies can make all the difference in the world to their future success. How can a kid be expected to succeed in the classroom without the basic tools to learn?

Child hunger is a problem that threatens our children and our future. We're in danger of losing an entire generation of leaders, innovators and problem-solvers. But we are ending child hunger today. With your support and through a variety of child hunger solutions, No Kid Hungry works to ensure that every child in the United States has access to healthy food where they live, where they learn and where they play. Read about the amazing true stories of our success together.

Our vision is simple: Healthier Children. A Better World.TM We believe fighting for the health and wellbeing of children is one of the most powerful ways to improve society.  Right now, quantum advancements in scientific knowledge and technology – made possible by donors like you – present an unprecedented opportunity for SickKids. To be ready for the next round, we need to update our infrastructure so we can unleash the full potential of SickKids expert team. We need to expand our reach, to extend our excellent standards of care to more children around the world. We need to elevate our research - it’s our best weapon in the fight against disease and congenital childhood conditions. And we must enrich the compassionate care we believe fosters the lifelong wellbeing of children and their families.

Provide love, a sense of security, warmth and comfort to children who are seriously ill, traumatized, or otherwise in need through the gifts of new, handmade blankets and afghans, lovingly created by volunteer “blanketeers.” SECOND Provide a rewarding and fun service opportunity for interested individuals and groups in local communities, for the benefit of children.

Tens of thousands of volunteers, donors and supporters advance the Make-A-Wish® vision to grant the wish of every child diagnosed with a life-threatening medical condition. In the United States and its territories, on average, a wish is granted every 34 minutes. We believe a wish experience can be a game-changer. This one belief guides us and inspires us to grant wishes that change the lives of the kids we serve.
