The best cancer care starts with the best cancer information. With more than 40,000 members who are leaders in advancing cancer care, the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) is the voice of the world’s cancer physicians. ASCO’s patient information website -- Cancer.Net (www.cancer.net) -- brings the expertise and resources of ASCO to people living with cancer and those who care for and care about them. Well-informed patients are their own best advocates and invaluable partners for physicians. Cancer.Net provides timely, comprehensive information to help patients and families make informed health care decisions. Cancer.Net is supported by the Conquer Cancer Foundation.

CancerCare® is the leading national organization dedicated to providing free, professional support services including counseling, support groups, educational workshops, publications and financial assistance to anyone affected by cancer. All CancerCare services are provided by oncology social workers and world-leading cancer experts.

ETAF was established by Elizabeth Taylor in 1991 to provide grants to existing organizations for domestic and international programs that offer direct care services to people living with HIV and AIDS. Since its inception, ETAF has concentrated on supporting marginalized communities, and has expanded to also fund innovative HIV education and advocacy programs. ETAF is leading an international coalition to achieve UNAIDS 90-90-90 HIV treatment goals in Mulanje District, Malawi by 2020. With key domestic advocacy funding focuses on comprehensive sexual health education and HIV criminalization reform, ETAF continues to bring the marginalized to the center of attention and advocate for their rights.

AIDS is the most devastating modern day disease. By the end of the 20th century, 50 years worth of public health gains were annihilated by AIDS, which continues to destroy lives. Our vision today, along with thousands around the world, is to create an AIDS free future through science, support and most of all compassion.

Since 1998, Pitchon Lev, an apolitical, non- profit organization, has been working to fulfill its vision of breaking the inter-generational cycle of poverty in Israel. In order to realize this vision, we operate at three dimensions program: Our driving passion is to rescue lives and to see communities transformed by the power of the all-encompassing gospel of the Kingdom of God.  Because God's heart is with the poor, the widow, the orphan and the outcast, Impact Nations goes to the most vulnerable in the developing world with a message of hope, practical and supernatural expressions of God's compassion and power, and a commitment to come alongside- working together for lasting change.

The Working Poor Families Project is a national initiative focused on state workforce development policies involving: 1) education and skills training for adults; 2) economic development; and 3) income and work supports. The WPFP supports state nonprofit groups to engage in a two-part, phased process that begins with an in-depth assessment of the economic conditions and state policies affecting working families and is followed by actions to strengthen those conditions and policies. The state policy assessment process is conducted the first year a state nonprofit joins the WPFP. The assessment uses a framework of indicators provided by the WPFP to examine current economic conditions and related state policies and programs. This examination culminates in a State Policy Assessment Report that points out where a state’s investments and policies stand in relation to other states and the nation. Most importantly, the report recommends actions for improving state policies and program operations.

We are a London charity pledging to break the cycle of homelessness. Our approach is driven by our social purpose to create a future where lasting employment is a reality for those affected by homelessness. We recognise that gaining and maintaining paid work is instrumental to independence and security.

Village Improvement Project,  VIP Inc., is a registered NGO in Liberia dedicated to improving daily life for rural villagers and to reducing the use of carbon fuels . We believe in connecting people and transforming communities. Everyone should have the opportunity to develop their potential and increase their productive capacity. As the Village Improvement Project (VIP) launches its service to rural village communities in Liberia, we remain dedicated to our mission: helping to create smart, sustainable environments to build strong communities. We are volunteers that have given our dedication, concern, money, and time to the well-being of residents of rural communities. You can help us achieve our goal of improving Liberian villages by donating or showing your support. 

The Syrian American Medical Society (SAMS) is a nonpolitical, nonprofit medical relief organization that is working on the front lines of crisis relief in Syria and neighboring countries to alleviate suffering and save lives. SAMS proudly provides medical care and treatment to every patient in need.

The Ne’eman Foundation supports projects that reduce or eliminate poverty, advance education, religion and quality of life, and promote charitable initiatives for community development in Israeli communities. Additionally, we support projects throughout Israel that provide health care services and products that prevent and manage serious threats to health; projects that provide therapy to accident victims, as well as counseling and support to individuals with cancer. The Ne’eman Foundation also supports programs that provide Israeli public ambulance, paramedic, or firefighting services.

The National Immigration Law Center will fight against unjust new immigration laws and policies at every turn, using the courtroom if necessary. We will not back down. We will not stop fighting for justice and dignity for all. Join us!

OMID strengthens the social, emotional, and economic competencies of disadvantaged young women (aged from 15 to 25), providing them with a sense of self-worth and with the opportunities to experience a full range of life options through self-empowerment, education and training.

We are a non-profit charitable fund with a single goal — to help the world. Our main priority is to provide a safe future for the generations to come. Today the humanity faces a range of challenges which threatens the very existence of our kind. How can we build a brighter future, when the present is so dark and terrifying? Developed countries choose not to pay attention to the problems of the “third world”, but every day these problems get more serious.

Many people in the world have to fight for their survival. Right now, our world suffers from dozens of wars. War brings death and destruction. People suffer from terrible losses, they have to leave their homeland in order to survive. Some decide to stay and rebuilt their homes. Life during and after the war differs from the normal peaceful life. The future of a whole nation can be at stake. Saving people from wars may change their lives for the better and it is one of our main objectives.

Many Hopes is a long-term strategic solution to the corruption and poverty that exploits the most vulnerable girls and boys. When the poorest children in the world have education and confidence and network they will be free from governments that exploit them and free to make their own choices. They will not need charity. They will be the solution to the poverty and corruption that hurts their country and exploited them. If we stand with them now.

At Volunteers of America, we are more than a nonprofit organization. We are a ministry of service that includes nearly 16,000 paid, professional employees dedicated to helping those in need rebuild their lives and reach their full potential. Through our hundreds of human service programs, including housing and healthcare, Volunteers of America touches the lives of more than 1.4 million people in over 400 communities in 46 states as well as the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico each year. Since 1896, we have supported and empowered America's most vulnerable groups, including veterans, at-risk youth, the frail elderly, men and women returning from prison, homeless individuals and families, people with disabilities, and those recovering from addictions. Our work touches the mind, body, heart — and ultimately the spirit — of those we serve, integrating our deep compassion with highly effective programs and services. 

Shelter helps millions of people every year struggling with bad housing or homelessness through our advice, support and legal services. And we campaign to make sure that, one day, no one will have to turn to us for help.

Shelter Listings is dedicated to serving the homeless and low-income.  Our shelter list consists of over 4,000 listings and includes emergency shelters, homeless shelters, day shelters, transitional housing, residential drug/alcohol rehabilitation programs and permanent affordable housing.

Contact the Elderly is the only national charity solely dedicated to tackling loneliness and social isolation among older people through face to face contact. Supported by a network of volunteers, the charity organises monthly Sunday afternoon tea parties for small groups of older people, aged 75 and over, who live alone. Offering a regular and vital friendship link every month. Each older person is collected from their home by a volunteer driver and taken to a volunteer host’s home for the afternoon. The group is warmly welcomed by a different host each month, but the drivers remain the same which means that over the months and years, acquaintances turn into friends and loneliness is replaced by companionship. Our tea parties are a real lifeline of friendship for our older guests who have little or no contact with family or friends. They bring people of all ages together, develop fulfilling friendships and support networks, and give everyone involved something to look forward to each month.

Mercy Housing, a national nonprofit organization, is working to build a more humane world where poverty is alleviated, communities are healthy and all people can develop their full potential. We believe that affordable housing and supportive programs improve the economic status of residents, revitalize neighborhoods and stabilize lives. 

