By providing long-term support and management assistance for the protected areas of Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia, CNF seeks to conserve the unique flora, fauna and ecosystems of the Caucasus for future generations while at the same time improving the lives of local people today. Our Vision A Caucasus biodiversity hotspot where a rich natural heritage and diverse local cultures combine in harmony, so that the people and species of the region both thrive.

The mission of FAS is to promote the sustainable involvement, the environmental conservation and the incensement of the quality of life of the riverine communities of the State of Amazonas. The main initiatives are implemented by the Bolsa Floresta Program (PBF), Educac„o e Sa˙de Program (PES) and Solucıes Inovadoras Program (PSI).

For nearly 30 years, Conservation International (CI) has been protecting nature for the benefit of all​. We know that human beings are totally dependent on nature — and that by saving nature, we’re saving ourselves. To that end, CI is helping to build a healthier, more prosperous and more productive planet. We do this through science, policy, and partnerships with countries, communities and companies. We employ more than 1,000 people and work with more than 2,000 partners in 30 countries. Over the years, CI has helped support 1,200 protected areas and interventions across 77 countries, safeguarding more than 601 million hectares of land, marine and coastal areas.

We address today’s most urgent environmental challenges by targeting issues that affect people around the world. Working in partnership with others, we focus where we’re best positioned to help, based on our strengths.​​

The League of Conservation Voters Education Fund (LCVEF) works to turn environmental values into national, state and local priorities. LCVEF, in collaboration with our state LCVEF partners, advocates for strong environmental protections, organizes communities to speak up about their environmental values, and engages people in the democratic process in order to enact strong environmental laws.

NRDC works to safeguard the earth—its people, its plants and animals, and the natural systems on which all life depends. We believe the world’s children should inherit a planet that will sustain them as it has sustained us. NRDC works to ensure the rights of all people to the air, the water and the wild, and to prevent special interests from undermining public interests.

The Rainforest Alliance is a growing network of farmers, foresters, communities, scientists, governments, environmentalists, and businesses dedicated to conserving biodiversity and ensuring sustainable livelihoods. We are an international non-profit organization working to build strong forests and healthy communities through creative, pragmatic collaboration.

The Nature Conservancy is the leading conservation organization working around the world to protect ecologically important lands and waters for nature and people. We address the most pressing conservation threats at the largest scale. Thanks to the support of our more than 1 million members, we’ve built a tremendous record of success since our founding in 1951: We’ve protected more than 119 million acres of land and thousands of miles of rivers worldwide — and we operate more than 100 marine conservation projects globally. We are impacting conservation in 72 countries — protecting habitats from grasslands to coral reefs, from Australia to Alaska to Zambia. See where we work. We address threats to conservation involving climate change, access to clean water, ocean health, and everything in between. Learn how we’re responding.

The Sierra Club Foundation promotes climate solutions, conservation, and movement building through a powerful combination of strategic philanthropy and grassroots advocacy. The Foundation is the fiscal sponsor of Sierra Club’s charitable environmental programs.

ABC's mission is to conserve native birds and their habitats throughout the Americas. Our commitment to bird conservation remains absolute, even while some other groups shift their mission to prioritize people over wildlife. We believe unequivocally that conserving birds and their habitats benefits all other species — including people.

Founded in Namibia in 1990, Cheetah Conservation Fund (CCF) is the global leader in research and conservation of cheetahs. CCF is dedicated to saving the cheetah in the wild. The vast majority of wild cheetahs are outside protected areas, in areas populated by humans. Saving this magnificent animal from extinction requires innovative conservation methods that address the welfare of both cheetah and human populations over large landscapes. CCF has developed a set of integrated programs that work together to achieve this objective. CCF’s programs have effectively stabilized and even increased the wild cheetah population in Namibia.

WildAid’s mission is to end the illegal wildlife trade in our lifetimes. We envision a world where people no longer buy wildlife products such as shark fin, elephant ivory and rhino horn. While most wildlife conservation groups focus on protecting animals from poaching, WildAid works to reduce global consumption of wildlife products by persuading consumers and strengthening enforcement. With an unrivaled portfolio of celebrity ambassadors and global network of media partners, WildAid leverages nearly $289 million in annual pro-bono media support. Our message reaches up to 1 billion people every week. WildAid's strategy for achieving this goal is to reduce demand for these products using our slogan: When the Buying Stops, the Killing Can Too.

OUR MISSION To aid in the protection, preservation and restoration of the natural environment of the nations’ major rivers and their watersheds. To expand awareness of environmental issues and responsibility encompassing the river. To create a desire and an opportunity for stewardship and responsibility for a cleaner river environment.

Beyond Pesticides (formerly National Coalition Against the Misuse of Pesticides) is a 501(c)3 nonprofit organization headquartered in Washington, D.C., which works with allies in protecting public health and the environment to lead the transition to a world free of toxic pesticides. The founders, who established Beyond Pesticides as a nonprofit membership organization in 1981, felt that without the existence of such an organized, national network, local, state and national pesticide policy would become, under chemical industry pressure, increasingly unresponsive to public health and environmental concerns. Beyond Pesticides believes that people must have a voice in decisions that affect them directly. We believe decisions should not be made for us by chemical companies or by decision makers who either do not have all of the facts or refuse to consider them.

The Appalachian Trail Conservancy’s mission is to preserve and manage the Appalachian Trail – ensuring that its vast natural beauty and priceless cultural heritage can be shared and enjoyed today, tomorrow, and for centuries to come. The Appalachian Trail Conservancy’s vision is to connect the human spirit with nature – preserving the delicate majesty of the Trail as a haven for all to enjoy. We are committed to nurture and protect this sacred space through education and inspiration. We strive to create an ever-expanding community of doers and dreamers, and work to ensure that tomorrow’s generations will experience the same mesmerizing beauty we behold today.

The mission of the Grand Canyon Trust is to protect and restore the Colorado Plateau — its spectacular landscapes, flowing rivers, clean air, diversity of plants and animals, and areas of beauty and solitude.

Vision

We work toward creating a region where generations of people and all of nature can thrive in harmony. Our vision for the Colorado Plateau 100 years from now has three key facets:

The region is still characterized by vast open spaces with restored, healthy natural areas and habitat for all native plants and animals. Human communities enjoy a sustaining relationship with the natural environment. People who live and visit here are willing, enthusiastic stewards of the region’s natural resources and beauty.
