Adopt your next pet in a warm and welcoming environment. PetSmart Charities® Adoption Centers — in more than 1,300 PetSmart®  stores — provide a clean, quiet and convenient place to get to know your new furry friend. The centers feature adorable cats and dogs from local animal welfare groups. When you adopt a pet at one of our centers, you will help your community and reap these rewards:

Luna Animal Rescue was founded in October 2013. The main aim was to help rehome dogs who found themselves abandoned and without families, in local and national pounds. Since then we have successfully rehomed well over 300 dogs, who are happily living with their new families. Luna has evolved into a bigger family, and we have a number of foster families, mainly in the south east of England (Herts, Beds and Cambs) , but also all over the UK. Our fosterers are essential for our work and they look after our dogs, cats and small animals in a home environment whilst they wait for their families. We are now a registered charity ( charity number 1163839) , with a non-destruct policy ( we will not put down a healthy well balanced animal), and all animals that are rehomed through us have a lifetime of rescue backup. If an animal has or develops behavioural issues or the adoptive family has a change of circumstances we offer help and guidance and support wherever possible. We are proud to work alongside local training establishments to provide support and ongoing involvement with our dogs once they have moved on to their families. We are a foster based rescue, and our foster families provide us with vital information during assessment of our animals, and provide lots of ongoing training, love and input whilst animals are with them. We very rarely use kennels, only ever as a short term back up, whilst making onward training programmes and formulating foster plans for our dogs. All our dogs and cats are neutered, vaccinated, microchipped, wormed, flea treated and vet checked. All our small animals are neutered and vaccinated and vet checked where appropriate.

The Mayhew Animal Home is one of the most effective animal welfare organisations in London, helping thousands of dogs and cats to escape a life of abandonment, cruelty and neglect each year. Our Vision A society where animals are treated and cared for with respect. Our Mission statement Helping animals in need gain a better quality of life by delivering a broad range of community-based animal care, education and welfare projects.

At International Animal Rescue we do exactly what our name says – we save animals from suffering around the world. Our work includes cutting free and caring for dancing bears in India, rescuing primates from captivity in Indonesia and sterilising and vaccinating stray dogs and cats in developing countries. Wherever possible we return rescued animals to their natural environment but we also provide a permanent home for animals that can no longer survive in the wild. As human populations expand, wildlife comes under increasing threat. By rescuing individual animals belonging to species like the orangutan and reintroducing them into protected areas in the wild, our work also plays a role in the conservation of the species as a whole.

From humble beginnings in 1924 Wood Green, The Animals Charity has grown to become one of the leading animal welfare organisations in the UK. We take in animals of all shapes and sizes! As well as cats and dogs, we find loving new homes for thousands of chickens, rabbits, mice, guinea pigs, goats, sheep, ferrets and more! We think owning an animal is one of the most rewarding things you can do and we are here to offer help and support to both people and their pets. There are lots of ways you can help, like rehoming an animal, volunteering your time, making a donation or visiting one of our Centres.

RedRover is always on the lookout for animals in need. We provide soft hands and warm hearts when animals and people are in crisis and pain, while seeking opportunities to work collaboratively with agencies and other organizations to further our mission. Using innovative solutions to prevent animal cruelty and neglect, we are educating youth and building a more compassionate future through the power of empathy, resilience and the human-animal bond.

Alley Cat Allies is the global engine of change for cats. We protect and improve cats’ lives through our innovative, cutting-edge programs. We are seen around the world as a champion for the humane treatment of all cats. We work toward a world where every cat is valued and protected and every community and shelter has policies and programs to save their lives.

Friends of Animal’s President is Priscilla Feral, who works out of FoA’s International Headquarters in Darien, Connecticut. The projects and services provided by Friends of Animals are entirely supported by membership contributions, bequests, and grants. Our continued strength depends upon the generosity of our members and donors. We inform members about animal advocacy issues and our progress in addressing them through our magazine, Act•ionLine, our Web site and other reports. We encourage our members to get involved in their own communities as volunteer activists and as representatives of our spay/neuter project. With the loyal support of our members and friends from all walks of life throughout the world, each year we actively meet the needs of more animals on more fronts than any animal advocacy group of our kind.

For over 30 years, Best Friends Animal Society has been running the nation’s largest no-kill sanctuary for companion animals and building effective programs that reduce the number of animals entering shelters.

Founded in 1996, the National Disaster Search Dog Foundation (SDF) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit, non-governmental organization based in Santa Paula, California. Our mission is to strengthen disaster response in America by rescuing and recruiting dogs and partnering them with firefighters and other first responders to find people buried alive in the wreckage of disasters.

4 Paws for Ability enriches the lives of children with disabilities by training and placing quality, task-trained service dogs. This provides increased independence for the children, and assistance to their families. And 4 Paws also works with veterans from recent conflicts who’ve lost the use of their limbs or their hearing while in active combat. In all cases, the results speak for themselves. Lives are transformed.

Right now, many people who love their pets dearly face a terrible reality: their pet needs a critical procedure or treatment, but they just can’t afford the cost. This is such a lonely and devastating position to be in – to forego non-elective treatment, or, in some cases, to euthanize. We started the Farley Foundation because we believe there must be a third option: to get help. Thanks to our generous donors, pets are getting the care they need, and their owners are given a gift more precious than words. You can be their hero. To date, the Farley Foundation has disbursed more than $3.4 million to assist more than 8,400 pets and pet owners in need.

Speaking of Dogs Rescue Program is a Canadian registered charity.  We are a volunteer-based dog rescue in Toronto that is dedicated to assisting dogs from shelters as well as taking in dogs surrendered by their owner when space allows.  We have a focus on helping senior dogs. Our dogs are lovingly cared for in foster homes until we find them a suitable forever home. Speaking of Dogs Rescue* is also a member of two umbrella charities:  Helping Homeless Pets and K9 Rescue Me. Goals To offer shelter or sanctuary for dogs, provide them with any needed medical attention, and actively seek new homes for rescued dogs. To relieve the suffering of dogs in need of care and attention and in particular provide and maintain rescue homes or other facilities for the reception, care and treatment of such dogs To promote humane behavior towards dogs by providing appropriate care protection, treatment and security for dogs which are in need of care and attention due to illness, maltreatment, or poor circumstances. To educate the public in matters pertaining to the welfare of dogs in general and the prevention of cruelty and suffering among dogs. What We Do Since 2001 Speaking of Dogs Rescue has helped transport, foster, vet and re-home hundreds of dogs. All dogs entering our rescue arm are spayed or neutered, microchipped and have their medical needs attended to. The majority of dogs we admit into the rescue are from shelters or are puppy mill survivors; we have a strong focus on helping senior dogs. Our dogs are lovingly cared for in foster homes until a suitable forever placement is found. Our adoption process entails a written (download the Word document) or online application, a telephone interview, reference and veterinary checks and an in-home visit. We are dedicated to placing our dogs in homes that are responsible, caring and compassionate. We are committed to a dogs’ quality of life and adopt only to suitably matched applicants. Adopt one of our dogs today! We actively fund raise in an effort to help cover rescue related costs such as medical care, grooming, boarding, food and supplies (such a microchips, collars, harnesses and leashes). We are always in search of new foster homes where a dog can be cared for and loved until a permanent home is found.  Read about how to become a dog’s foster parent.

Pets are at the heart of everything we do. Each year, thousands of cats, dogs, small pets and horses turn to our animal hospitals, clinics and rehoming services for treatment and to find them the happy homes they deserve. Meanwhile, our Education and Behaviour Teams prepare future pet owners to take responsibility and look after their pets for life.

Let's put an end to animal cruelty Every year thousands of animals suffer from neglect, cruelty and abuse. With your help we can end their misery. We receive no government funding and rely on your support.

Support Adoption For Pets believes that every homeless pet deserves a second chance at happiness. Every year thousands of pets in the UK end up in a rescue centre. Some have been neglected. Others are much loved by owners who can no longer care for them. All of them are abandoned through no fault of their own. How do we help them? Established by Pets at Home in 2006, Support Adoption For Pets is a registered charity that supports hundreds of pet rehoming organisations in the UK through grant funding, donation schemes and fundraising initiatives with Pets at Home stores. Our 430+ Adoption Centres in stores also offer a safe place to rehome thousands of small pets such as rabbits and hamsters. We are passionate about rehoming pets in need, and our work is made possible by the kind donations of animal lovers who believe in our mission.

Our mission is to bring about the day when all dogs can enjoy a happy life, free from the threat of unnecessary destruction.

What sets us apart from other animal charities is the dependability and dedication of our member charities as they work to end all animal cruelty and suffering caused by abandonment, abuse, inhuman treatment and animal testing. Our member charities strive to provide services such as trained service dog for independent living, no-kill animal rescue and adoption, spay/neuter, advocacy initiatives, and numerous educational forums.

At Pets for Vets, we believe our country owes military veterans a debt of gratitude. Our troops have been brave but many of them have returned with physical and emotional injuries that have made it difficult to transition back to civilian life. Some estimates state that as many as 20% of returning military veterans suffer from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD).

